Improve help text (#75)
dynatrace-oss/dynatrace-monitoring-as-code: README.md

The tool always depends on a config folder where all configuration projects are stored, possibly with further project subfolders.
If nothing is supplied the current working dir is used.

> Running tool is done with required and or non-required options and positional arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running monaco is done with required and non-required options and positional arguments:
```

```
monaco --environments <path-to-environment-yaml-file> [--specific-environment <environment-name>] [--project <project-folder>] [--dry-run] [--verbose] [projects-root-folder]
```

For deploying a specific project inside a root config folder, the tool could be run as:

> `monaco -p="project-folder" -e="environments.yaml" projects-root-folder`

Reviewer: To fit the tool's help text and the format above, and give a few more execution hints:

```suggestion
`monaco --project <project-folder> --environments <path-to-environment-yaml-file> [projects-root-folder]`

For validating your complete configuration in the current folder, the tool could be run as: 
`monaco --dry-run --environments <path-to-environment-yaml-file>`

For deploying all configurations to a single environment and get verbose output, the tool could be run as:
`monaco -v -e <path-to-environment-yaml-file> -se <name of environment>`
```

```
$ ./monaco
Name:
        monaco
Version:
        1.0.1

> Usage:

Reviewer: Do we actually really want to duplicate the commands' help output in the readme? 

This will need to be pasted over whenever the tool changes, and that seems easy to forget and get out of sync eventually...

Author: do you then suggest to remove that part of the documentation completely ? or just list the flags only ?

Reviewer: I'd suggest to remove the full verbatim copy, and just leave some example usages. 
but what's your opinion @CruzanCaramele & @didiladi ?

Reviewer 2: Fine by me. As long as this one is in there (posted above):

```
Usage:
   monaco --environments <path-to-environment-yaml-file> [--specific-environment <environment-name>] [--project <project-folder>] [--dry-run] [--verbose] [projects-root-folder]
```

Its a concise description of:
* which option is optional or required 
* and that the folder needs to be the last argument

Author: I will include the examples and what @didiladi mentioned above
